Okay, so
it's time to start touching things.
So on gitHub.com/firtman/chatgpt-webdev.
We have the repo that
we will be using today.
That repo has already some HTML and
some very basic JavaScript and
a very basic web server.
It's not yet connected to open AI so
we're going to connect that first.
In the repo you will find the slides,
a samples folder and
the cookie masters folder.
Cookie masters is an app that we will
use at the end of today's course,
to actually end haste with AI.
It's actually pretty cool, so stay there.
So you will see how we can actually
use artificial intelligence to
provide directly something cool
such as for example a recipe and
images from that recipe from ingredients
that you have in your at home.
But that's for later, we're going to
start working with a sample folder.
So I will just open that folder directly,
so it's my root.
So I open the folder and we have on
package.json, the list of dependencies.
We are just going to use Express.JS,
course for
making the API available cross-domain,
and OpenAI.
That's a specific library that
will make our life easier when we
are talking with OpenAI.
Then we have a server that you
can see that is pretty empty,
it's a very basic express js server.
If you don't have experience with
this you can just go to the frontend
massive library and
get one of the node.js basic courses.
Anyway, it's pretty simple,
but we're going to to create,
we have a public folder
that we are serving.
And then we have some endpoints already
set up that are empty /api/chat,
/api/general, /api/image, and
/api/recipe, they are completely empty.
Within the public folder, we have two
sections, the chat and the playground.
So they both have HTML, CSS,
and pretty basic JavaScript, so
nothing really, really fancy.
Just start the server,
I'm going to open a terminal and
run npm start And
it's not working because I need to run npm
install first, to install my dependencies.
After the dependencies are ready,
we can start the server and
now, local host 3000 will open my server.
So I'm going to look at Hal 3000, it says
404 because we can get into [INAUDIBLE].
And this is a very basic
interface to create a chat, clone,
so we're going to create
our own version of ChatGPT.
Just to understand how the API works.